# Eventula Developer Meeting 22.04.2025

## Introduction Round / Check in

### Description

Lets do a quick check in to get to know each other and to get a sense of the people involved in the meeting and their moods

### Proposed by

no one

### Protocol



## Assign moderation task

### Description

Most likeley we don't need a lot of moderation, but just in case someone should take care about that

### Proposed by

no one

### Protocol

Jonas Ã¼bernimmt die Moderation

## Assign protocoll task


### Description

Someone should write a conclusive protocoll to the tops in the list

### Proposed by

no one

### Protocol

TheR00st3r is the only attendee with write permissions :D

## Collect Missing Topics


### Description

Anything missing on the top list, lets go :)

### Proposed by

no one

### Protocol

There are no more required Topics

## Eventula Users Report

### Description

Quick report from the Organisations using Eventula :

- future Plans in regards to eventula?
- (new) Problems with eventula?


### Proposed by

no one

### Protocol

Currently tournaments are not used but should be used in future.

- There are multiple refactorings
  - Mailing Provider
  - Payment
  - Many small points
- Gifting of Tickets
- "Grouptickets" It should be possible that one user buyes a ticket for multiple users
- Problems with the Seating
- Replacement of Challonge
- UI Design/Customization
- Mobile UI

## Upcoming capacity / planned involvement report

### Description

To get a better understanding of what we all can expect from the project, we want to talk about a few things. Ofc you don't have to feel any pressure to say anything on this topic (like on every other) :)

- How much do you plan to involve yourself into eventula in the next quarter?
- Which issues / features do you want do tackle?
- Is something blocking you doing something on eventula?

### Proposed by

no one

### Protocol

- 2-3h/Week/Person
- 1st Ticketing 

<!-- INSERT NEW TOPICS HERE -->
<!-- Template for tops -->
<!--
## 

### Description

### Proposed by

### Protocol

-->

## Repository access for contributors

### Description

Talk one more time about how we want to structure repository access in the future, to get the development going

### Proposed by

Apfelwurm

### Protocol

We skipped this point. A decision without Apfelwurm would be useless :D


## Releasing v2 - Semver releases

### Description

In order to make defined hosting of eventula possible, we want to move towards releasing with semver in the future. This would also open the possibility to support coop-cloud (and maybe other deployment automations as well) in the future.

We should talk about what should be tackled in order to make a new release of eventula to get things started. and assign labels to the corresponding issues.

### Proposed by

Apfelwurm

### Protocol

We all confirmed that we should do that.

https://semver.org/

## How to gain contributors? How to go about documentation?

### Description

We have lots of open issues, that should be tackled in the future, but time is rare.
This is why it would be a great question to answer, how we can make sure to gain contributers, not only for code, but also for docs/translation/communication.
Lets talk about ideas :)

### Proposed by

Apfelwurm

### Protocol

- Rename??? => eventula.de, eventu.la?
- Contribution.md
- more frequent commits
- sorting issues
- Rework Readme.md 
- beeing more generic => more examples (Concert, Archery events, horsing tournament, ...)
- Documentation should be part of the PR process
- Admin Documentation should be integrated into the Admin UI (Info Icone behind Settings?) 

## Reflection session / Check Out

### Description

Lets do a quick check out so people can talk about how the meeting was in their perspective. We can also collect any criticisms to what went well and what didnt, so we can get better in the future.

### Proposed by

no one

### Protocol

- Good to talk about the project