# Eventula Developer Meeting 03.07.2025

## Introduction Round / Check in

### Description

Lets do a quick check in to get to know each other and to get a sense of the people involved in the meeting and their moods

### Proposed by

no one

### Protocol

done

## Assign moderation task

### Description

Most likeley we don't need a lot of moderation, but just in case someone should take care about that

### Proposed by

no one

### Protocol

not required due to 2 people


## Assign protocoll task


### Description

Someone should write a conclusive protocoll to the tops in the list

### Proposed by

no one

### Protocol

Alex


## Collect Missing Topics


### Description

Anything missing on the top list, lets go :)

### Proposed by

no one

### Protocol

none

## Eventula Users Report

### Description

Quick report from the Organisations using Eventula :

- future Plans in regards to eventula?
- (new) Problems with eventula?


### Proposed by

no one

### Protocol

nothing new

## Upcoming capacity / planned involvement report

### Description

To get a better understanding of what we all can expect from the project, we want to talk about a few things. Ofc you don't have to feel any pressure to say anything on this topic (like on every other) :)

- How much do you plan to involve yourself into eventula in the next quarter?
- Which issues / features do you want do tackle?
- Is something blocking you doing something on eventula?

### Proposed by

no one

### Protocol

SX-Lan is tackling a big ticketing refactor and rebuild at the moment. Most likeley payment is happening afterwards (maybe with payum).
SX-Lan is maybe tackling https://github.com/Lan2Play/eventula-manager/issues/823 as soon as capacity is there.
Lan2play is forking https://github.com/Payum/PayumLaravelPackage to bump the laravel dependency and see if its still usable. Goal is to open a PR in the end.
Lan2play is also maybe tackling https://github.com/Lan2Play/eventula-manager/issues/1326 in the next months.


<!-- INSERT NEW TOPICS HERE -->
<!-- Template for tops -->
<!--
## 

### Description

### Proposed by

### Protocol

-->

## Reflection session / Check Out

### Description

Lets do a quick check out so people can talk about how the meeting was in their perspective. We can also collect any criticisms to what went well and what didnt, so we can get better in the future.

### Proposed by

no one

### Protocol

next time it would be nice if we would be more people, we should think about mobilizing again a week in advance
